# Backend RFC

## Approver(s)

Name | Email | Status
--- | --- | ---
Rex |
Mike |
Victor |
Jacky |
Matt |
Dustin |

## Abstract

Clearly state the background of the problem and the objective of this RFC.  What problems are you trying to solve?  Why?  Links to other documents are useful here too (e.g. product and design specs).

## (Proposed) Architecture

* Continuous deployment
* Manage secrets (API keys, DB credentials, etc.)

## (Proposed) Implementation

Zoom into the individual parts and spec out its implementation details.  Try to be as detailed as possible.  Questions to consider:
If applicable, list out all the endpoints with request and response data.
If applicable, what are the front-end components that will be used?  If there are new components, what are their APIs?
Are you using any 3rd party libraries?  Why did you choose one over another?
What edge cases do we need to consider?
Is there error/exception handling?  Have the designs considered it as well?

## Test Cases

A feature should not be deemed complete unless there are tests that test the happy and sad paths.
Do we need integration tests?
If we can’t write tests, how are we planning on ensuring it doesn’t break for the end-user?

## Deployment

This section is usually left out unless there is a specific deployment strategy for the given feature.
What’s the deployment strategy?
Are we rolling out to 100% at once? Are we incrementally deploying?

## Analytics

This section is reserved for product features.  Usually, answers to these questions can be found in a product spec document so it can be linked here.
What is a “successful” launch?
What user actions are we tracking?

## Experiments

This section is reserved for product features.  Usually, answers to these questions can be found in a product spec document so it can be linked here.
Are we rolling out to specific countries? What % rollout?
What’s the experiment name?
How long is the experiment running for?

## Monitoring

Do we have sufficient logging for sad cases?
Link to Grafana dashboard
