# Smart Contact RFC

## Approver(s)

Name | Email | Status
--- | --- | ---
Rex | |
Mike | |
Victor | |
Jacky | |
Matt | |
Dustin | |

## Abstract
Work out the overall architecture and and featutes needed for the first implementation of the Decentralized Machine Learning protocol smart contracts.

## (Proposed) Architecture
Utilize an external storage contract and a hub and spoke toplogy to create modular and upgradeable smart contracts with a permanent data store.

## (Proposed) Implementation
Contracts
1) DmlBase - Contains interface for DML Storage and modifier functions for checking if address has certain roles
2) DmlExternalStorage - primary persistent storage for DML smart contracts.  All primative types are stored as mappings with bytes32 keys that are hashes of the name space and value being stored, and primative data types as values. This allows for one mapping to hold the values for several differet functions and use cases.  The contract has internal functions for setting, getting, and deleting values in mappings that can be called by other DML contracts registered with the store.
3) DmlMarktplace
- Initializes + changes the Bountry Factory address
- Allows for purchasing/transferring of DML Tokens
4) BountyFactory - Creates and tracks Bounty contracts
5) Bounty
- stores - creator, market, and token
- stores - name, prize, createdAt, winners, and participants
- Stores Status - initialized, enrollment start and end, bounty start and end, completed, paused, canceled
- Returns status
- Allows participants to join
- Update/Change - creator, bounty, name, prizes
- Start/Stop Enrollment
- Start/Stop Bounty
- Updates winners
- Pays out winners
- Transfer tokens
6) DmlUpgrade - takes care of upgrading contacts if they need updated functionality, or have bugs. It can also add new contracts if needed.
7) Role Contract
- Allows owner to add and remove roles for new addresses
- Allow owner to transfer ownership to a new address


## Contract Initialization
1) Deploy the Storage contract frist
2) Deploy the DmlBase contract and pass it the address of the storage contract as the argument for the constructor function
3) Deploy the DmlAddUpgradeContract and pass it the address of the storage contract as the argument for the constructor function
4) The address/owner that deployed the stoage contract now needs to register both the DmlBase and DmlAddUpgradeContract with the storage contract.  This is done with the setAddress function on the storage contract.
The setAddress function takes two arguments:
  1) key - is a type bytes32 which is the resulting hash of the name space and contract address using the keccak256 solidity function.
    
  **Solidty**
       ```solidity
       dmlStorage.setAddress(keccak256(abi.encodePacked("contract.address", _contractAddress)), _contractAddress);
       ```
       
       Note: the solidity keccak function used to take multiple arguments and convert them to bytes32 in the background
       
       ```solidity
       keccak256("AAAA", "BBBB", 42);
       ```
       
   As of Solidity 0.4.24 you must use abi.encodePacked(...) to convert them before using the keccak256 function
  ```solidity
       keccak256(abi.encodePacked("AAAA", "BBBB", 42));
  ```

       This is function is use through out the DML smart contract whenever setting the key for storing values in the central stroage
       contract.
       
   **Web3.js**
   
   If using web3.js in order to get the same result as the keccak256 function in Solidty use web3.utils.soliditySha3:
   ```javascript
   web3.utils.soliditySha3('contract.address', contractAddress);
   ```
   2) The address of the contract you want to register
     
     
5) Once the DmlBase and DmlAddUpgrade contract have been registered with the storage contract the DmlAddUpgrade contract can be used to
  register any other contracts in the DML network. They will need to be registered before they can have access to the set and delete
  functions in the storage.
6) Once all the contracts have been registered by the owner access to the setting and deleting functions can be turned off for the owner
  so only the contacts have access to setting and deleting by setting the keccak256 hash for "contract.storage.initialised" to true in
  boolStorage:
  
  ```solidity
  dmlStorage.setBool(keccak256(abi.encodePacked("contract.storage.initialised"), true);
  ```

## Test cases
Unit tests can be written by first compling and deploying the smart contracts to a local Ganche and then interacting with them via Web3.

Currently when running test an error my come up:

MaxListenersExceededWarning: Possible EventEmitter memory leak detected. 11 data listeners added. Use emitter.setMaxListeners() to increase limit

This seems to be a problem with web3.js a PR has been issued for it, but hasn't been released in the latest version yet.

https://github.com/ethereum/web3.js/issues/1648

## Deployment
Smart contracts can be deployed to a local test network for development and then to oe of the Ethereum test networks for beta testing and finally to the main ethereum network.

## Analytics
This section is reserved for product features.  Usually, answers to these questions can be found in a product spec document so it can be linked here.
What is a “successful” launch? 
What user actions are we tracking?

## Experiments
This section is reserved for product features.  Usually, answers to these questions can be found in a product spec document so it can be linked here.
Are we rolling out to specific countries? What % rollout?
What’s the experiment name?
How long is the experiment running for?

## Monitoring
Do we have sufficient logging for sad cases?
Link to Grafana dashboard
