# 2018.07.24 Tech Planning

## Bounty Flow

### Creating a Bounty

1. Click a button to create bounty.
1. Form:
  - description of the bounty
  - evaluation/submission criteria
  - rules
  - bounty size:
    - how many places there are
    - how much each winner will get
  - title
  - image [optional]
  - timeline (expected start/end dates, evaluation date)
  - v2: public discussion thread for creators and participants
1. Form saved on the frontend/backend
1. Form will be sent to backend
1. Backend will create the bounty
1. The bounty creator (BC) will then see the bounty view at the very first step
1. The BC will have to click a button to finalize the bounty in some way
1. Upon finalization, a bounty contract will be deployed and they will not be able to change anything [?]
1. The BC will then have to fund the bounty

### Starting the Bounty

1. Once the bounty is funded, it is ready for enrollment
1. The BC will then manually start enrollment
1. Developers can freely enroll in the bounty
1. The BC will then have to end enrollment
1. Once enrollment has ended, the BC can manually start the bounty [we can also change it so that as soon as the enrollment ends, the bounty will automatically accept submissions]

### Submitting Results

1. Every user who has enrolled will be allowed to upload their results ==> click "Submit Results" button
1. The user will the upload (1) file (either the algo or whatever the BC has specified in the evaluation/submission criteria) - users can zip multiple files if necessary
1. The results will be submitted

### Closing the Bounty

1. The BC will click a button to STOP the bounty - disallows submissions
1. The BC will review all submissions (will need a view to see all submissions and a button to download all submissions)
1. BC will elect winners (smart contract call, NOT a backend call)
1. Invoke some smart contract function to disperse the funds - array of public addresses in winning order
1. The bounty will be closed

## Considerations

### Q: Who has ownership over the winning algorithm?

A: Bounties are incentives for devs to upload algos; Devs are renting algos to other parties; Dev still owns the algo.

### Q: How do we protect submitted algorithms?

A: Business decision still up for debate. One solution is to hide the algos from the BC and only give them a limited sandbox to provide their own data and review the results WITHOUT having access to the original algos.

Jacky: if it takes an extra 2-4 weeks to do this, we should do this. But if it takes anything more than 4 weeks, then no.

## Action Icon

* come up with new swimlanes for this
